WDS-125 async select search (#498)
soramitsu/soramitsu-js-ui-library: .changeset/real-radios-repair.md

---
'@soramitsu-ui/ui': minor
---

> **feat**(`SSelect`, `SDropdown`): add empty slot for menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**feat**(`SSelect`, `SDropdown`): introduce `empty` slot; it is forwarded to the underlying `<SSelectDropdown>` component
```

Author: changed
